welcome to the master Wong TV the master
Wong TV show the one and only on the NIP
get in touch with the people around the
world ask me so many different questions
something is useful something it's
stupid something it's funny who care I
will be here answer your question anyway
because don't take your toe serious man
a lot of people do mashallah master and
then they sit there and be so serious
you know oh yeah serious my ass what the
hell you serious about anyway because
another day
what the hell you serious about so this
is why learning to understanding is take
it easy have some fun people don't get
into flipping series otherwise you're
dead tomorrow
and you won't know about why you did a
lot of people around the world like I
mentioned on last couple show it want to
start no master wants more community and
get people together and do some movement
and bashing people up and and get
together you've got to understand this
kind of community side is no qualify in
shocker there if people want to go there
and start something up ladder and keep
people together and do some training
based on to the master Wong training on
YouTube then email to us and I explained
to you how to set it up if you want to
find a qualified instructor then go to
the master Wong Academy calm and their
own instructor it qualified and then
there will be listed on there so help
you to understanding more about the
training anything else you want to learn
and you don't want to learn for muda
our instructor it's the only one play to
go it's the YouTube on a master Wong
free lesson I'm personally myself
teaching you to be whatever you want so
let's see who got a question for me
today this guy calm
ah super PAC pin
Zazu backbench value back pin Zod who
packed in you mean back then no idea man
why people have a silly name of that I
don't know what he's saying is hi master
Wong
I recently stopped trying to tone up my
upper body and um pick a titty nice arm
so he can look like oh noes wanna go my
hand like this look good huh big titties
look away good because it looked when
you stand up look good I have a weight
bench and a dumbbell that's good and all
the kid
I checked wonder about nutrition
do I need to feed the poor to feed a
muscle for it to build a lot of
nutrition you can do no money is eating
organic stop eating right then your
order nutrition uni already of course if
you want to peel like oh no SWAT the
nigga you mongers arm big pair pity the
leg like a tank
then you need nutrition you need a
special one to make you feel your
muscles are able to build that's a
cheating way because they don't want to
build it naturally but reality is if you
want to build naturally then you have to
do it naturally and second is why do you
want to build your muscle and why do you
wanna use them a lot of times people go
to the gym for instance I want to go to
the gym so I want to look big the
problem with big body big muscle
movement is not a functional movement
okay it's look big but it's kind of news
for anything else it's like it's not
functional so if you could pick on did
you mean you can't punch hard I mean
when you got a pic arm you got a problem
with your back because you don't strings
it hard enough to able to even them out
and when you go to Hue lie a lot of time
when I teaching people the pounds I
teach a lot of bouncer your blood
man they like this do like the time
coming and they covered squatchy fucking
asshole Squatch
oh no problem my arm too big and
realized his when they come to the
training side when he grabbed him put a
wrist lock that joing is so stiff and
hard to pull them down Lee to be like
that like this let me see they cry like
you whoosh what's wrong with you I
fought you here you light up that a tank
but reality is they're very soft inside
John is wick all that joy is very weak
because a pure up the upper body too
strong then won't let the time to get on
a joint to be strong so there with
people like that one kick on to the knee
onto the piano like there that go down
like that sack oh shit no good at all so
when you understand me when you get a
big muscle have to be functional muscle
mean you can use them you train them
naturally to get your back your body
everything's strong so all the thing can
coordinate together and may be able to
mobilize the whole body look at one
Munim is no point to have the bigger
noonan and you cannot look at the one
unit not a whole body pick on big leg
but this all works separately so if it
functional you're using for martial art
then train on a minimum on away and more
exercise or the training on exercise to
help in your body my body is not a huge
but functional movement get the 10
density of the body density of the
muscle so the things instead of big pole
so got a lot liner a chicken when you
get into a get at the supermarket lows
upper in check loads of water look big
but when it started put a damn thing on
a cooking on Aven then it's swing to the
small chicken like this that's the
problem because that's same thing that
people pick bug like this but reality is
ever don't pop up some pillow take a lot
this offering few days later few
monitored fool now that all the kitties
job off and everything come off but your
training Papa Lee's and the identity in
there then you're always look
ship sick pack boy look good everything
is well unfunctional so think about why
you news wait for I don't know because
you don't mention so thing about him and
then do what you news on them and make
it show it functional Moomin alright
that's your question that is raised am
back in something like that I don't know
go to the mass on TV and claim your free
down low and this one here is a lady
share one lady Shae one from the YouTube
the for you to surprise to us people
want to get some free a free training
supply to our video on YouTube then we
able to keep your free lesson every
single day to that I you're in the grave
as well what you have at John to get
some free download
so people questions asked go to the
master on TV asking me and I will here
to answer your question okay
lighter people bye-bye